chore: Prepare release 1.1.0 (#102)
fsbraun/djangocms-rest: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

1.1.0 (10-04-2026)
==================

* feat: django CMS 5.1 support
* feat: Add health check endpoint and documentation by @metaforx in https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-rest/pull/95

> * fix: openapi endpoint naming respect user urls path by @metaforx in https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-rest/pull/96

Author: ```suggestion
* fix: OpenAPI endpoint naming respects user URL paths by @metaforx in https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-rest/pull/96
```
